authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
authtype is : insecure
 insecure.go emchandwani : authority : eshita.test.example.com
emchandwani : Authority header : eshita.test.example.com
--- FAIL: Test (0.06s)
    --- FAIL: Test/RBACHTTPFilter (0.06s)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #1]Server created  (t=+3.395583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #1 ListenSocket #2]ListenSocket created  (t=+3.524ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #3]Server created  (t=+5.089958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000477680] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56339",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "7fa6e3f8-d2f6-4173-9626-2ee579dcc781",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+5.256833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 7fa6e3f8-d2f6-4173-9626-2ee579dcc781  (t=+5.382375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400047ce00] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+5.408833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400047ce00] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56340  (t=+5.991208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56339"  (t=+6.08425ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #4]Channel created  (t=+6.09775ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #4]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56339", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+6.111125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #4]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56339"  (t=+6.117417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #4]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56339",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56339",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+6.304667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #4]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+6.346958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel created  (t=+6.373708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #4]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+6.406ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #4]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+6.415875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+6.442083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56339" to connect  (t=+6.453792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400047ce00] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56341  (t=+6.466417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #3 ListenSocket #6]ListenSocket created  (t=+6.489625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #3 ListenSocket #7]ListenSocket created  (t=+6.504167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+7.362333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #8]Channel created  (t=+7.370083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #8]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+7.37875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #8]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+7.385708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140001d4a20] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+7.428292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000539f00] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56339",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS1295692579/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1170746422/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "7fa6e3f8-d2f6-4173-9626-2ee579dcc781",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+7.510542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 7fa6e3f8-d2f6-4173-9626-2ee579dcc781  (t=+7.523625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56339"  (t=+7.53675ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #9]Channel created  (t=+7.543375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #9]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56339", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+7.549ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #9]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56339"  (t=+7.553208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #9]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56339",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56339",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+7.588833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #9]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+7.599417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel created  (t=+7.61175ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #9]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+7.618292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #9]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+7.625667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #8]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+7.638458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+7.658875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56339" to connect  (t=+7.668792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO syscall_nonlinux.go:39 [core] CPU time info is unavailable on non-linux environments.  (t=+7.766917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+8.3005ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #4]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+8.317792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+8.363583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #9]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+8.376042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140001d4a20] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+9.213ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #8]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x1400016f0e0\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000546780\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+9.275875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #8]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+9.289208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Created  (t=+9.321958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+9.344417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+9.34925ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] Created  (t=+9.357333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+9.373375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+9.381792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000063c90,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+9.397958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #8]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+9.403208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+9.892458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000103c00] Created  (t=+9.930333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] Created child policy 0x14000103c00 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+9.945875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Created  (t=+10.1945ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005af860}  (t=+10.300625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005af860}  (t=+10.305583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140005af860,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+10.312625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+10.319083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+10.323833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x1400063c8f0] Created  (t=+10.335042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6300] Created  (t=+10.343708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Created  (t=+10.366042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x1400062dcb0] Created  (t=+10.378292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+10.399958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+10.40725ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel created  (t=+10.57325ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+10.66825ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000438fd0}  (t=+10.694542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000438fd0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+10.72225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+10.755917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005a7008}  (t=+10.794ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56341" to connect  (t=+10.815333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005a7008}  (t=+10.910792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005a7008}  (t=+10.920125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000438fd0}  (t=+10.927167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140005a7008,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+10.943167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000438fd0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+10.951042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630120}  (t=+10.958667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630120}  (t=+10.964625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630120}  (t=+10.968958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000630120,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+10.973458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+12.122ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x14000116fe0:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56341", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x140001168d0>" }}}]}  (t=+12.147083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000116240}  (t=+12.154625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116d40] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000116240,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+12.16ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000414978}  (t=+12.169417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000414978}  (t=+12.174458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000414978}  (t=+12.178708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000414978,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+12.183792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #8]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+12.19ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #8]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+12.701042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #8]Closing the name resolver  (t=+12.708333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #8]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+12.715042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6300] Shutdown  (t=+12.731083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002c3ce0] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+12.738167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000103c00] Shutdown  (t=+12.743ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6d00] Shutdown  (t=+12.747ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564d60] Shutdown  (t=+12.751042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140001d4a20] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+12.771375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140001d4a20] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+12.790458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000539f00] [xds-channel 0x140005766c0] [ads-stream 0x14000570180] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+12.816333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000539f00] [xds-channel 0x140005766c0] [ads-stream 0x14000570180] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+12.821417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #9]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+12.829292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #9]Closing the name resolver  (t=+12.833167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #9]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+12.838083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+12.852875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #9 SubChannel #10]Subchannel deleted  (t=+12.858375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #9]Channel deleted  (t=+12.933792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000539f00] [xds-channel 0x140005766c0] Shutdown  (t=+12.941292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000539f00] Shutdown  (t=+12.948125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140001d4a20] Shutdown  (t=+12.954042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+12.968542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #8 SubChannel #15]Subchannel deleted  (t=+12.974875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #8]Channel deleted  (t=+12.996208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #3 ListenSocket #6]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+13.034375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #3 ListenSocket #7]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+13.055333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000477680] [xds-channel 0x140004909c0] [ads-stream 0x14000128200] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+13.0815ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000477680] [xds-channel 0x140004909c0] [ads-stream 0x14000128200] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+13.090667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #4]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+13.100833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #4]Closing the name resolver  (t=+13.11875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #4]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+13.124833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+13.139625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5]Subchannel deleted  (t=+13.144208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #4]Channel deleted  (t=+13.192292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000477680] [xds-channel 0x140004909c0] Shutdown  (t=+13.197792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000477680] Shutdown  (t=+13.20275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #1 ListenSocket #2]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+13.226ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #18]Server created  (t=+13.976833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #18 ListenSocket #19]ListenSocket created  (t=+14.006167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #20]Server created  (t=+14.842375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128580] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56345",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "413bcbd3-6aac-4b4b-96f4-38cf3781ce97",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+14.899667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 413bcbd3-6aac-4b4b-96f4-38cf3781ce97  (t=+14.915833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005da6c0] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+14.921ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005da6c0] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56346  (t=+15.61025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56345"  (t=+15.63ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #21]Channel created  (t=+15.637792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #21]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56345", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+15.645375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #21]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56345"  (t=+15.650333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #21]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56345",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56345",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+15.674583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #21]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+15.68775ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel created  (t=+15.697125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #21]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+15.702667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #21]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+15.708833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+15.718167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56345" to connect  (t=+15.725333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #20 ListenSocket #23]ListenSocket created  (t=+15.739958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005da6c0] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56348  (t=+16.708625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #20 ListenSocket #24]ListenSocket created  (t=+16.727792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+16.84675ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #27]Channel created  (t=+16.853833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #27]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+16.863167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #27]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+16.867833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+16.883083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #21]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+16.89375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000804120] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+16.939208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128a00] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56345",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3686196311/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS297043302/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "413bcbd3-6aac-4b4b-96f4-38cf3781ce97",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+17.02275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 413bcbd3-6aac-4b4b-96f4-38cf3781ce97  (t=+17.035333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56345"  (t=+17.0545ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #28]Channel created  (t=+17.061542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #28]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56345", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+17.069708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #28]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56345"  (t=+17.074083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #28]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56345",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56345",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+17.106167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #28]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+17.121875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel created  (t=+17.136292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #28]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+17.142375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #28]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+17.149375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+17.158625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56345" to connect  (t=+17.164542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #27]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+17.185292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+18.104458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #28]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+18.115542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000804120] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+18.411167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #27]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x140007db180\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000900ac0\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+18.460667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #27]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+18.468458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Created  (t=+18.477417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+18.483167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+18.487792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] Created  (t=+18.4955ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+18.50025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+18.50775ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000547710,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+18.528833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #27]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+18.533458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+18.647875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000698fc0] Created  (t=+18.65875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] Created child policy 0x14000698fc0 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+18.664458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Created  (t=+18.789333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000901d40}  (t=+18.864833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000901d40}  (t=+18.8695ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000901d40,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+18.874625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+18.882667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+18.887917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x140004c9d40] Created  (t=+18.893667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140007f0700] Created  (t=+18.902875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Created  (t=+18.916917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x1400077fc20] Created  (t=+18.928375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+18.942292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+18.948667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel created  (t=+18.9625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+18.976417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140003fa9f0}  (t=+18.981708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140003fa9f0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+18.988333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+18.996875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56348" to connect  (t=+19.003458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000d338}  (t=+19.018292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000d338}  (t=+19.043708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000d338}  (t=+19.051292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x1400000d338,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+19.058583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140003fa9f0}  (t=+19.066792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140003fa9f0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+19.073ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140007d8648}  (t=+19.078583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140007d8648}  (t=+19.083833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140007d8648}  (t=+19.087625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140007d8648,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+19.093958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+19.964208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x140005d8f00:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56348", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x140005d87f0>" }}}]}  (t=+20.023167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000848380}  (t=+20.029917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8c60] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000848380,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+20.035125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140007d8750}  (t=+20.045792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140007d8750}  (t=+20.052792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140007d8750}  (t=+20.056792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140007d8750,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+20.0615ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #27]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+20.0705ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #27]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.338042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #27]Closing the name resolver  (t=+20.343708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #27]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+20.353042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000804120] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+20.36825ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140007f0700] Shutdown  (t=+20.383542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000804120] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+20.389ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400030db20] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+20.40725ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000698fc0] Shutdown  (t=+20.413083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140006dc340] Shutdown  (t=+20.417583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022b00] Shutdown  (t=+20.422375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128a00] [xds-channel 0x14000420480] [ads-stream 0x14000122000] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+20.426458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128a00] [xds-channel 0x14000420480] [ads-stream 0x14000122000] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+20.433792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #28]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.442833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #28]Closing the name resolver  (t=+20.446833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #28]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+20.452417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.466292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #28 SubChannel #29]Subchannel deleted  (t=+20.473458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #28]Channel deleted  (t=+20.509708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128a00] [xds-channel 0x14000420480] Shutdown  (t=+20.515833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128a00] Shutdown  (t=+20.523042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000804120] Shutdown  (t=+20.527042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.536125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #27 SubChannel #32]Subchannel deleted  (t=+20.54025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #27]Channel deleted  (t=+20.558708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #20 ListenSocket #23]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+20.588792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #20 ListenSocket #24]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+20.604208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128580] [xds-channel 0x14000491260] [ads-stream 0x140005aa380] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+20.623375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128580] [xds-channel 0x14000491260] [ads-stream 0x140005aa380] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+20.630125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #21]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.638125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #21]Closing the name resolver  (t=+20.64225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #21]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+20.647125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+20.660125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #21 SubChannel #22]Subchannel deleted  (t=+20.665958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #21]Channel deleted  (t=+20.687292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128580] [xds-channel 0x14000491260] Shutdown  (t=+20.695583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128580] Shutdown  (t=+20.701083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #18 ListenSocket #19]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+20.722125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #35]Server created  (t=+21.216167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #35 ListenSocket #36]ListenSocket created  (t=+21.247042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #37]Server created  (t=+22.196458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129400] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56351",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "c6494f3e-55b5-4c2c-9eba-e2440da5d168",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+22.257833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: c6494f3e-55b5-4c2c-9eba-e2440da5d168  (t=+22.274542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x14000765c40] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+22.279542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x14000765c40] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56352  (t=+22.907ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56351"  (t=+22.931417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #38]Channel created  (t=+22.93925ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #38]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56351", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+22.946417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #38]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56351"  (t=+22.950792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #38]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56351",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56351",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+22.975833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #38]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+22.985708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel created  (t=+22.994667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #38]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+22.999917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #38]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+23.007792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+23.018792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56351" to connect  (t=+23.025792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #37 ListenSocket #40]ListenSocket created  (t=+23.061458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x14000765c40] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56354  (t=+24.191375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #37 ListenSocket #41]ListenSocket created  (t=+24.210125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+24.29475ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #44]Channel created  (t=+24.300833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #44]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+24.307208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #44]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+24.313958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000ea0] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+24.328167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+24.34275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #38]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+24.3505ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x140007e0600] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56351",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS2239192085/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS1031292100/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "c6494f3e-55b5-4c2c-9eba-e2440da5d168",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+24.390208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: c6494f3e-55b5-4c2c-9eba-e2440da5d168  (t=+24.401333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56351"  (t=+24.418667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #45]Channel created  (t=+24.425708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #45]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56351", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+24.431917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #45]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56351"  (t=+24.436375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #45]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56351",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56351",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+24.456042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #45]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+24.569208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel created  (t=+24.677875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #45]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+24.72225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #45]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+24.739667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #44]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+24.758708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+24.771208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56351" to connect  (t=+24.813292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+25.887208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #45]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+25.899083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000ea0] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+26.215708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #44]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x140007da870\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x140008685d0\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+26.259292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #44]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+26.268625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Created  (t=+26.278458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+26.284875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+26.289458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Created  (t=+26.297417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+26.302375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+26.308667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000872640,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.323ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #44]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+26.327667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+26.433083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000701340] Created  (t=+26.442833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Created child policy 0x14000701340 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+26.449625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Created  (t=+26.565208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000873540}  (t=+26.636167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000873540}  (t=+26.641083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000873540,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.646208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+26.651083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+26.655167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x140008bb380] Created  (t=+26.660583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6e00] Created  (t=+26.667875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Created  (t=+26.683042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x140006f6300] Created  (t=+26.695625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+26.709167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+26.7145ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel created  (t=+26.727ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+26.740667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000873f40}  (t=+26.746333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+26.753292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56354" to connect  (t=+26.760667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000873f40,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.77575ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630240}  (t=+26.789333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630240}  (t=+26.811458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000873f40}  (t=+26.815375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000873f40,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.8215ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400047bec0}  (t=+26.827417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630240}  (t=+26.831083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000630240,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.835417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400047bec0}  (t=+26.841708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400047bec0}  (t=+26.849167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x1400047bec0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+26.853458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+27.457792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x140005952e0:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56354", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x14000594b10>" }}}]}  (t=+27.486042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000b0a680}  (t=+27.492625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000595040] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000b0a680,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+27.49975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140005a6eb8}  (t=+27.506375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140005a6eb8}  (t=+27.511708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140005a6eb8}  (t=+27.516458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140005a6eb8,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+27.520833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #44]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+27.527958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #44]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.725042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #44]Closing the name resolver  (t=+27.73025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #44]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+27.736417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000ea0] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+27.747792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6e00] Shutdown  (t=+27.752292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140007bca10] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+27.758292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000701340] Shutdown  (t=+27.76225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Shutdown  (t=+27.765875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000594280] Shutdown  (t=+27.769875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000ea0] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+27.773167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x140007e0600] [xds-channel 0x140008809c0] [ads-stream 0x140005aa900] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+27.794625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x140007e0600] [xds-channel 0x140008809c0] [ads-stream 0x140005aa900] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+27.799375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #45]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.806583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #45]Closing the name resolver  (t=+27.81125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #45]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+27.815542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.8275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #45 SubChannel #46]Subchannel deleted  (t=+27.831667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #45]Channel deleted  (t=+27.856333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x140007e0600] [xds-channel 0x140008809c0] Shutdown  (t=+27.861042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x140007e0600] Shutdown  (t=+27.866042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000ea0] Shutdown  (t=+27.87ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.8785ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #44 SubChannel #49]Subchannel deleted  (t=+27.882292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #44]Channel deleted  (t=+27.897042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #37 ListenSocket #41]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+27.921083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #37 ListenSocket #40]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+27.936542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129400] [xds-channel 0x1400006fd40] [ads-stream 0x1400021d780] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+27.95025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129400] [xds-channel 0x1400006fd40] [ads-stream 0x1400021d780] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+27.954917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #38]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.961167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #38]Closing the name resolver  (t=+27.965ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #38]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+27.96975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+27.980042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #38 SubChannel #39]Subchannel deleted  (t=+27.986208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #38]Channel deleted  (t=+28.007333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129400] [xds-channel 0x1400006fd40] Shutdown  (t=+28.011542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129400] Shutdown  (t=+28.016167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #35 ListenSocket #36]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+28.032875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #52]Server created  (t=+28.53275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #52 ListenSocket #53]ListenSocket created  (t=+28.561167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #54]Server created  (t=+29.37825ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755180] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56357",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+29.432292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f  (t=+29.443375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400074d740] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+29.448042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400074d740] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56358  (t=+29.842042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56357"  (t=+29.8625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #55]Channel created  (t=+29.870167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #55]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56357", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+29.8785ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #55]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56357"  (t=+29.882917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #55]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56357",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56357",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+29.905667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #55]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+29.914542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel created  (t=+29.922708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #55]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+29.927958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #55]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+29.9345ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+29.943083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56357" to connect  (t=+29.949125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #54 ListenSocket #57]ListenSocket created  (t=+29.964792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400074d740] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56360  (t=+30.736292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #54 ListenSocket #58]ListenSocket created  (t=+30.748375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+30.841958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #61]Channel created  (t=+30.8465ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #61]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+30.85225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #61]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+30.85625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140003805a0] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+30.869875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+30.881292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #55]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+30.887667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755800] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56357",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS269286543/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2801425386/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+30.915625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f  (t=+30.924708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56357"  (t=+30.935208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #62]Channel created  (t=+30.9405ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #62]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56357", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+30.9465ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #62]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56357"  (t=+30.95125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #62]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56357",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56357",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+30.9675ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #62]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+30.974958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel created  (t=+30.982542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #62]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+30.987083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #62]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+30.993208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+31.002458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56357" to connect  (t=+31.007625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #61]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+31.019083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+31.66525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #62]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+31.67975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140003805a0] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+32.210875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #61]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x140001b6320\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000661d30\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+32.247583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #61]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+32.256917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Created  (t=+32.264417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+32.269875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+32.274583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] Created  (t=+32.281458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+32.286ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+32.292125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140007fa4d0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.303917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #61]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+32.308583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+32.398625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000503a40] Created  (t=+32.406625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] Created child policy 0x14000503a40 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+32.4115ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Created  (t=+32.526708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062c10}  (t=+32.600792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062c10}  (t=+32.619417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000062c10,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.62525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+32.63175ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+32.636042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x1400063d2b0] Created  (t=+32.640917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b1400] Created  (t=+32.649333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Created  (t=+32.663792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x140008b3560] Created  (t=+32.676ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+32.689708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+32.694792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel created  (t=+32.705458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+32.717958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000063ec0}  (t=+32.723667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000063ec0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.730792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+32.738958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56360" to connect  (t=+32.747083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630870}  (t=+32.761292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630870}  (t=+32.7725ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000630870}  (t=+32.780375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000630870,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.785625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000063ec0}  (t=+32.7935ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000063ec0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.801292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036180}  (t=+32.808083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036180}  (t=+32.814542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036180}  (t=+32.820833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000036180,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+32.826333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+33.935708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x140007fc9a0:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56360", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x140007fc290>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" }}}]}  (t=+33.967667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140005943a0}  (t=+33.974292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140007fc700] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140005943a0,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+33.979708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140000362d0}  (t=+33.986167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140000362d0}  (t=+33.992083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140000362d0}  (t=+33.9965ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140000362d0,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+34.000833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #61]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+34.008125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #61]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.141ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #61]Closing the name resolver  (t=+34.145958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #61]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+34.152333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140003805a0] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+34.164375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140003805a0] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+34.169417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b1400] Shutdown  (t=+34.177625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140003be4d0] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+34.184125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000503a40] Shutdown  (t=+34.189792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000b9a340] Shutdown  (t=+34.193875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000564340] Shutdown  (t=+34.197625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755800] [xds-channel 0x140004900c0] [ads-stream 0x14000755980] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+34.2015ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755800] [xds-channel 0x140004900c0] [ads-stream 0x14000755980] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+34.206542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #62]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.214667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #62]Closing the name resolver  (t=+34.218375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #62]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+34.223375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.235333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #62 SubChannel #63]Subchannel deleted  (t=+34.239583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #62]Channel deleted  (t=+34.26075ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755800] [xds-channel 0x140004900c0] Shutdown  (t=+34.265875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755800] Shutdown  (t=+34.271958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140003805a0] Shutdown  (t=+34.276125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.285042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #61 SubChannel #66]Subchannel deleted  (t=+34.288917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #61]Channel deleted  (t=+34.303042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #54 ListenSocket #57]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+34.331625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #54 ListenSocket #58]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+34.346667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755180] [xds-channel 0x1400012ed20] [ads-stream 0x140005aa200] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+34.370125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755180] [xds-channel 0x1400012ed20] [ads-stream 0x140005aa200] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+34.377875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #55]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.385458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #55]Closing the name resolver  (t=+34.389417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #55]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+34.394208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+34.406542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #55 SubChannel #56]Subchannel deleted  (t=+34.411375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #55]Channel deleted  (t=+34.435292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755180] [xds-channel 0x1400012ed20] Shutdown  (t=+34.441125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000755180] Shutdown  (t=+34.446125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #52 ListenSocket #53]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+34.469083ms)
        --- FAIL: Test/RBACHTTPFilter/match-on-authority (0.01s)
            setup.go:45: Created new snapshot cache...
            setup.go:45: Registered Aggregated Discovery Service (ADS)...
            setup.go:45: xDS management server serving at: 127.0.0.1:56357...
            stubserver.go:288: Started test service backend at "127.0.0.1:56358"
            server.go:229: Created new resource snapshot...
            server.go:235: Updated snapshot cache with resource snapshot...
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] and known map[]. Diff [grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] version "" with version "1"
            xds_server_integration_test.go:59: Serving mode for listener "127.0.0.1:56360" changed to "SERVING", err: <nil>
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] and known map[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358:{} grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 1 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] and known map[my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 2 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [route-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] and known map[route-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 3 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [cluster-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] and known map[cluster-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 4 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [endpoints-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] and known map[endpoints-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 5 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            xds_server_rbac_test.go:666: EmptyCall() returned err with status: PermissionDenied, wantStatusEmptyCall: OK
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[] and known map[cluster-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 6 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] and known map[my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 7 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] and known map[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358:{} grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 8 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] and known map[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56358:{} grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56360:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 9 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] from nodeID "6c7a8434-1cef-4365-a117-da5e60f63d1f", version "1"
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #69]Server created  (t=+34.901208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #69 ListenSocket #70]ListenSocket created  (t=+34.927958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #71]Server created  (t=+35.81075ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128200] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56363",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+35.864875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af  (t=+35.874208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x140007e7740] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+35.878917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140007e7740] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56364  (t=+36.473042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56363"  (t=+36.492625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #72]Channel created  (t=+36.49925ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #72]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56363", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+36.506458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #72]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56363"  (t=+36.510917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #72]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56363",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56363",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+36.533208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #72]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+36.542708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel created  (t=+36.551333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #72]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+36.556083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #72]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+36.562083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+36.570167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56363" to connect  (t=+36.576583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #71 ListenSocket #74]ListenSocket created  (t=+36.59075ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140007e7740] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56366  (t=+37.418792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #71 ListenSocket #75]ListenSocket created  (t=+37.43475ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+37.496458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #78]Channel created  (t=+37.501583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #78]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+37.507708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #78]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+37.511708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+37.518ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #72]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+37.523917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140007246c0] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+37.557208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128700] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56363",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS127343287/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS697264490/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+37.602917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af  (t=+37.610417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56363"  (t=+37.620292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #79]Channel created  (t=+37.62525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #79]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56363", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+37.631583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #79]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56363"  (t=+37.635625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #79]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56363",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56363",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+37.651042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #79]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+37.662ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel created  (t=+37.670083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #79]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+37.674583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #79]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+37.679125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #78]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+37.687375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+37.693083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56363" to connect  (t=+37.698583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+38.51325ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #79]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+38.519792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140007246c0] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+38.884625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #78]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000873980\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x1400093f630\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+38.918708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #78]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+38.926625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Created  (t=+38.934125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+38.939083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+38.943208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] Created  (t=+38.9525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+38.956958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+38.962792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000b83850,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+38.973375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #78]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+38.977708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+39.107042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000bbdc00] Created  (t=+39.116667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] Created child policy 0x14000bbdc00 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+39.123ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Created  (t=+39.265625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005af990}  (t=+39.325708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140005af990}  (t=+39.330167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140005af990,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+39.335ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+39.340875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+39.345375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x1400054c5b0] Created  (t=+39.349583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x1400092e000] Created  (t=+39.355958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Created  (t=+39.368125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x140005df980] Created  (t=+39.379583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+39.392ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+39.397292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel created  (t=+39.407125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+39.418708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140003fbc10}  (t=+39.42425ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140003fbc10,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+39.430417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+39.438875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56366" to connect  (t=+39.445292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000ce88}  (t=+39.463625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000ce88}  (t=+39.473917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140003fbc10}  (t=+39.478875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140003fbc10,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+39.489083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000892db0}  (t=+39.495ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x1400000ce88}  (t=+39.501875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x1400000ce88,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+39.506458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000892db0}  (t=+39.512792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000892db0}  (t=+39.516708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000892db0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+39.520708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+40.27525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x14000848ca0:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56366", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x14000848590>" , "<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" }}}]}  (t=+40.309083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140000237c0}  (t=+40.318125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000848a00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140000237c0,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+40.327ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000892f30}  (t=+40.33475ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000892f30}  (t=+40.341958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000892f30}  (t=+40.347125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000892f30,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+40.354833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #78]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+40.361875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #78]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+40.564292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #78]Closing the name resolver  (t=+40.569583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #78]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+40.624917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x1400092e000] Shutdown  (t=+40.694208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140007246c0] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+40.706833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059ad90] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+40.714333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000bbdc00] Shutdown  (t=+40.82025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x14000649380] Shutdown  (t=+40.825667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000022dc0] Shutdown  (t=+40.830042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140007246c0] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+40.836833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128700] [xds-channel 0x14000662fc0] [ads-stream 0x14000128900] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+40.855875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128700] [xds-channel 0x14000662fc0] [ads-stream 0x14000128900] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+40.863375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #79]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+40.869958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #79]Closing the name resolver  (t=+40.874167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #79]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+40.878625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+40.890417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #79 SubChannel #80]Subchannel deleted  (t=+40.895208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #79]Channel deleted  (t=+40.918667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128700] [xds-channel 0x14000662fc0] Shutdown  (t=+40.923417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128700] Shutdown  (t=+40.929833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x140007246c0] Shutdown  (t=+40.934625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+40.943625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #78 SubChannel #83]Subchannel deleted  (t=+40.947875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #78]Channel deleted  (t=+40.96675ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #71 ListenSocket #74]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+40.989917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #71 ListenSocket #75]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+41.008292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128200] [xds-channel 0x1400046e960] [ads-stream 0x140007e0800] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+41.032417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128200] [xds-channel 0x1400046e960] [ads-stream 0x140007e0800] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+41.037875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #72]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+41.044792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #72]Closing the name resolver  (t=+41.04925ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #72]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+41.054125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+41.064792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #72 SubChannel #73]Subchannel deleted  (t=+41.069167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #72]Channel deleted  (t=+41.087833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128200] [xds-channel 0x1400046e960] Shutdown  (t=+41.093875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128200] Shutdown  (t=+41.101083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #69 ListenSocket #70]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+41.119417ms)
        --- FAIL: Test/RBACHTTPFilter/match-on-host (0.01s)
            setup.go:45: Created new snapshot cache...
            setup.go:45: Registered Aggregated Discovery Service (ADS)...
            setup.go:45: xDS management server serving at: 127.0.0.1:56363...
            stubserver.go:288: Started test service backend at "127.0.0.1:56364"
            server.go:229: Created new resource snapshot...
            server.go:235: Updated snapshot cache with resource snapshot...
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364] and known map[]. Diff [grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364] version "" with version "1"
            xds_server_integration_test.go:59: Serving mode for listener "127.0.0.1:56366" changed to "SERVING", err: <nil>
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366] and known map[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364:{} grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 1 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364 grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] and known map[my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 2 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[my-service-fallback] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [route-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] and known map[route-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 3 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[route-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [cluster-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] and known map[cluster-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 4 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[cluster-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] and known map[]. Diff [endpoints-my-service-fallback]
            logging.go:30: respond type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] version "" with version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] and known map[endpoints-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 5 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[endpoints-my-service-fallback] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            xds_server_rbac_test.go:666: EmptyCall() returned err with status: PermissionDenied, wantStatusEmptyCall: OK
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[] and known map[cluster-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 6 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster[] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] and known map[my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 7 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[] and known map[endpoints-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 8 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment[] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[] and known map[route-my-service-fallback:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 9 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration[] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
            logging.go:30: nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af" requested type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366] and known map[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56364:{} grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366:{}]. Diff []
            logging.go:30: open watch 10 for type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener[grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=127.0.0.1:56366] from nodeID "fd8f1d68-008c-4686-982b-6db63a5715af", version "1"
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #86]Server created  (t=+41.547792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #86 ListenSocket #87]ListenSocket created  (t=+41.577875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #88]Server created  (t=+42.366875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b9e200] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56369",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "e395095a-c736-40d8-a385-c152ddd768ed",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+42.424875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: e395095a-c736-40d8-a385-c152ddd768ed  (t=+42.43475ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005dab00] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+42.439833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005dab00] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56370  (t=+42.788ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56369"  (t=+42.808583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #89]Channel created  (t=+42.815917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #89]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56369", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+42.824625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #89]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56369"  (t=+42.828875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #89]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56369",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56369",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+42.854042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #89]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+42.8655ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel created  (t=+42.875792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #89]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+42.881708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #89]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+42.888ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+42.900417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #88 ListenSocket #91]ListenSocket created  (t=+42.906083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56369" to connect  (t=+42.911583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140005dab00] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56372  (t=+43.855708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #88 ListenSocket #92]ListenSocket created  (t=+43.869917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+43.945375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #95]Channel created  (t=+43.952333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #95]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+43.960083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #95]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+43.964167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000360] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+43.981083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+43.991333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #89]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+43.999417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56369",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS3266423600/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2967661684/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "e395095a-c736-40d8-a385-c152ddd768ed",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+44.042917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: e395095a-c736-40d8-a385-c152ddd768ed  (t=+44.05125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56369"  (t=+44.062292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #96]Channel created  (t=+44.067708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #96]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56369", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+44.073333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #96]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56369"  (t=+44.077375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #96]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56369",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56369",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+44.102375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #96]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+44.110042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel created  (t=+44.118375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #96]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+44.123083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #96]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+44.12975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+44.139667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56369" to connect  (t=+44.145958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #95]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+44.185958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+44.677042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #96]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+44.682875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000360] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+44.948292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #95]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x140007daaf0\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000a01470\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+44.983792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #95]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+44.990875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Created  (t=+44.998708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+45.004375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+45.00875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] Created  (t=+45.016583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+45.021583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+45.028083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140005467b0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.040333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #95]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+45.045417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+45.15125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000bbc540] Created  (t=+45.1595ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] Created child policy 0x14000bbc540 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+45.165875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Created  (t=+45.301958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062720}  (t=+45.364208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062720}  (t=+45.368875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000062720,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.373917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+45.3785ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+45.382458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x1400054dba0] Created  (t=+45.38725ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6300] Created  (t=+45.396417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Created  (t=+45.409667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x140008b3050] Created  (t=+45.420958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+45.433417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+45.438708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel created  (t=+45.449375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+45.46175ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000063b10}  (t=+45.466958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000063b10,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.473375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+45.481625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56372" to connect  (t=+45.488458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036a68}  (t=+45.501708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036a68}  (t=+45.511792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000063b10}  (t=+45.515458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000063b10,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.522583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036a68}  (t=+45.528167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000036a68,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.536083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036ac8}  (t=+45.54175ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036ac8}  (t=+45.568833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000036ac8}  (t=+45.57375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000036ac8,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+45.578ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+46.076292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x140005d8e20:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56372", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x140005d84f0>" }}}]}  (t=+46.098917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000565c60}  (t=+46.104208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x140005d8b00] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000565c60,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+46.109625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000415ad0}  (t=+46.115875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000415ad0}  (t=+46.121708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000415ad0}  (t=+46.125625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000415ad0,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+46.129875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #95]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+46.135583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #95]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.349583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #95]Closing the name resolver  (t=+46.353917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #95]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+46.358167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b6300] Shutdown  (t=+46.368417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x1400059b570] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+46.373458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000bbc540] Shutdown  (t=+46.377333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005fe000] Shutdown  (t=+46.380833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000ba64c0] Shutdown  (t=+46.384333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000360] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+46.388792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000360] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+46.396333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:471 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] [xds-channel 0x14000259440] [ads-stream 0x14000b26500] Sending ADS request for type "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration", resources: [], version: "1", nonce: "2" failed: EOF  (t=+46.411458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] [xds-channel 0x14000259440] [ads-stream 0x14000b26500] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+46.417375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] [xds-channel 0x14000259440] [ads-stream 0x14000b26500] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+46.421667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #96]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.428083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #96]Closing the name resolver  (t=+46.431708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #96]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+46.435833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.446042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #96 SubChannel #97]Subchannel deleted  (t=+46.449917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #96]Channel deleted  (t=+46.467083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] [xds-channel 0x14000259440] Shutdown  (t=+46.473ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b26300] Shutdown  (t=+46.478542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000000360] Shutdown  (t=+46.4825ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.491958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #95 SubChannel #100]Subchannel deleted  (t=+46.496417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #95]Channel deleted  (t=+46.513583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #88 ListenSocket #91]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+46.53325ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #88 ListenSocket #92]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+46.548333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b9e200] [xds-channel 0x14000258840] [ads-stream 0x14000477480] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+46.567542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b9e200] [xds-channel 0x14000258840] [ads-stream 0x14000477480] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+46.574458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #89]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.580958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #89]Closing the name resolver  (t=+46.584958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #89]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+46.589458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+46.599167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #89 SubChannel #90]Subchannel deleted  (t=+46.603333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #89]Channel deleted  (t=+46.620417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b9e200] [xds-channel 0x14000258840] Shutdown  (t=+46.625417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000b9e200] Shutdown  (t=+46.630083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #86 ListenSocket #87]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+46.645417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #103]Server created  (t=+47.200708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #103 ListenSocket #104]ListenSocket created  (t=+47.225833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #105]Server created  (t=+48.09375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x1400021d800] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56375",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "6dd7c2de-61f4-4245-9c9c-358954d6d2f9",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+48.139458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 6dd7c2de-61f4-4245-9c9c-358954d6d2f9  (t=+48.150667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400013ab80] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+48.154917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400013ab80] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56376  (t=+48.535125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56375"  (t=+48.550458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #106]Channel created  (t=+48.55625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #106]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56375", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+48.564125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #106]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56375"  (t=+48.569083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #106]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56375",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56375",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+48.592417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #106]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+48.604125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel created  (t=+48.616333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #106]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+48.621583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #106]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+48.628583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+48.638625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56375" to connect  (t=+48.646458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #105 ListenSocket #108]ListenSocket created  (t=+48.668667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x1400013ab80] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56378  (t=+49.597958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #105 ListenSocket #109]ListenSocket created  (t=+49.615333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+49.674208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #112]Channel created  (t=+49.679583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #112]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+49.685542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #112]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+49.689708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+49.701375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000bb6360] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+49.709333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #106]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+49.718375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56375",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS587006800/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS3795766508/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "6dd7c2de-61f4-4245-9c9c-358954d6d2f9",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+49.770542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 6dd7c2de-61f4-4245-9c9c-358954d6d2f9  (t=+49.777333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56375"  (t=+49.787ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #113]Channel created  (t=+49.796ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #113]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56375", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+49.803167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #113]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56375"  (t=+49.807125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #113]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56375",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56375",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+49.830208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #113]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+49.840083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel created  (t=+49.848167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #113]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+49.853125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #113]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+49.859917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #112]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+49.870167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+49.883333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56375" to connect  (t=+49.888583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+50.46ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #113]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+50.470208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000bb6360] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+50.765542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #112]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x1400093e2d0\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000901f40\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+50.799667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #112]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+50.807333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Created  (t=+50.815083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+50.821208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+50.825625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Created  (t=+50.832167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+50.837167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+50.843917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000b04680,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+50.8565ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #112]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+50.860917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+50.953208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000583880] Created  (t=+50.960917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Created child policy 0x14000583880 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+50.967208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Created  (t=+51.079792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140008724d0}  (t=+51.142833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140008724d0}  (t=+51.147375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140008724d0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+51.1525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+51.157875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+51.162292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x14000934410] Created  (t=+51.166917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b0f00] Created  (t=+51.173625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Created  (t=+51.186167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x1400032c750] Created  (t=+51.1975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+51.21025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+51.21525ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel created  (t=+51.224875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+51.236167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000872f50}  (t=+51.241583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+51.248208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56378" to connect  (t=+51.25425ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000872f50,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+51.268583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000414eb8}  (t=+51.279ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000414eb8}  (t=+51.287ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000414eb8}  (t=+51.290833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000414eb8,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+51.295083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000872f50}  (t=+51.305167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000872f50,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+51.311667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140006303f0}  (t=+51.317458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140006303f0}  (t=+51.323292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140006303f0}  (t=+51.327417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140006303f0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+51.332208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+51.730083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x14000116b60:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56378", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x140001161f0>" , "<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" }}}]}  (t=+51.752125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140001d2b80}  (t=+51.757333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000116860] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140001d2b80,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+51.762417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140006304e0}  (t=+51.768708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140006304e0}  (t=+51.772625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x140006304e0}  (t=+51.776917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140006304e0,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+51.781125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #112]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+51.786458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #112]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+51.975208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #112]Closing the name resolver  (t=+51.97975ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #112]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+51.984167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000bb6360] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+51.994125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000bb6360] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+52.001792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x140004b0f00] Shutdown  (t=+52.016417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x14000b9c310] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+52.0225ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000583880] Shutdown  (t=+52.0265ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c6b60] Shutdown  (t=+52.030125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0a300] Shutdown  (t=+52.033625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:471 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] [xds-channel 0x14000662f60] [ads-stream 0x14000128e80] Sending ADS request for type "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment", resources: [], version: "1", nonce: "4" failed: EOF  (t=+52.037792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] [xds-channel 0x14000662f60] [ads-stream 0x14000128e80] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+52.044125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] [xds-channel 0x14000662f60] [ads-stream 0x14000128e80] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+52.048375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #113]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+52.055417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #113]Closing the name resolver  (t=+52.059167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #113]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+52.063417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+52.073792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #113 SubChannel #114]Subchannel deleted  (t=+52.077875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #113]Channel deleted  (t=+52.097292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] [xds-channel 0x14000662f60] Shutdown  (t=+52.101958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x140005aa580] Shutdown  (t=+52.107ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000bb6360] Shutdown  (t=+52.111125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+52.121208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #112 SubChannel #117]Subchannel deleted  (t=+52.125417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #112]Channel deleted  (t=+52.145917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #105 ListenSocket #108]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+52.170167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #105 ListenSocket #109]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+52.190167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x1400021d800] [xds-channel 0x1400012ec60] [ads-stream 0x14000755b00] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+52.206542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x1400021d800] [xds-channel 0x1400012ec60] [ads-stream 0x14000755b00] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+52.210708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #106]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+52.217708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #106]Closing the name resolver  (t=+52.221417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #106]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+52.226292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+52.236625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #106 SubChannel #107]Subchannel deleted  (t=+52.240625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #106]Channel deleted  (t=+52.274458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x1400021d800] [xds-channel 0x1400012ec60] Shutdown  (t=+52.28025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x1400021d800] Shutdown  (t=+52.286333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #103 ListenSocket #104]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+52.304042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #120]Server created  (t=+52.712708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #120 ListenSocket #121]ListenSocket created  (t=+52.738542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:685 [core] [Server #122]Server created  (t=+53.464875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128980] Created client with name "#server" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56381",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "3ecfa3ad-d68f-46a4-aeee-e460fa514825",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+53.510417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 3ecfa3ad-d68f-46a4-aeee-e460fa514825  (t=+53.51725ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:123 [xds] [xds-server 0x140004c30c0] Created xds.GRPCServer  (t=+53.521792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140004c30c0] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56382  (t=+53.875875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56381"  (t=+53.889583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #123]Channel created  (t=+53.895208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #123]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56381", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+53.901708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #123]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56381"  (t=+53.906042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #123]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56381",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56381",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+53.924333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #123]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+53.933292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel created  (t=+53.940458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #123]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+53.945083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #123]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+53.950667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+53.959417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56381" to connect  (t=+53.964625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #122 ListenSocket #125]ListenSocket created  (t=+53.976625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:182 [xds] [xds-server 0x140004c30c0] Serve() passed a net.Listener on 127.0.0.1:56384  (t=+54.404708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:881 [core] [Server #122 ListenSocket #126]ListenSocket created  (t=+54.417875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "xds:///my-service-fallback"  (t=+54.462208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #127]Channel created  (t=+54.46675ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #127]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"xds", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/my-service-fallback", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+54.472708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #127]Channel authority set to "my-service-fallback"  (t=+54.477583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:100 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000930360] Creating resolver for target: xds:///my-service-fallback  (t=+54.489792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:79 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129080] Created client with name "xds:///my-service-fallback" and bootstrap configuration:
             {
              "xds_servers": [
               {
                "server_uri": "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56381",
                "channel_creds": [
                 {
                  "type": "insecure"
                 }
                ]
               }
              ],
              "certificate_providers": {
               "client-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testClientSideXDS748020021/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               },
               "server-side-certificate-provider-instance": {
                "plugin_name": "file_watcher",
                "config": {
                 "certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/cert.pem",
                 "private_key_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/key.pem",
                 "ca_certificate_file": "/var/folders/ls/svntb7795y3cb21gmsdgbxhc014_pw/T/testServerSideXDS2301789938/ca.pem",
                 "refresh_interval": "600s"
                }
               }
              },
              "server_listener_resource_name_template": "grpc/server?xds.resource.listening_address=%s",
              "client_default_listener_resource_name_template": "%s",
              "node": {
               "id": "3ecfa3ad-d68f-46a4-aeee-e460fa514825",
               "locality": {}
              }
             }  (t=+54.532333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO client_refcounted.go:84 [xds] xDS node ID: 3ecfa3ad-d68f-46a4-aeee-e460fa514825  (t=+54.538792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1655 [core] original dial target is: "passthrough:///127.0.0.1:56381"  (t=+54.548333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #130]Channel created  (t=+54.553042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:194 [core] [Channel #130]parsed dial target is: resolver.Target{URL:url.URL{Scheme:"passthrough", Opaque:"", User:(*url.Userinfo)(nil), Host:"", Path:"/127.0.0.1:56381", RawPath:"", OmitHost:false, ForceQuery:false, RawQuery:"", Fragment:"", RawFragment:""}}  (t=+54.558583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:195 [core] [Channel #130]Channel authority set to "127.0.0.1:56381"  (t=+54.56275ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+54.568583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #123]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+54.57425ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #130]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": [
                {
                  "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56381",
                  "ServerName": "",
                  "Attributes": null,
                  "BalancerAttributes": null,
                  "Metadata": null
                }
              ],
              "Endpoints": [
                {
                  "Addresses": [
                    {
                      "Addr": "127.0.0.1:56381",
                      "ServerName": "",
                      "Attributes": null,
                      "BalancerAttributes": null,
                      "Metadata": null
                    }
                  ],
                  "Attributes": null
                }
              ],
              "ServiceConfig": null,
              "Attributes": null
            } (resolver returned new addresses)  (t=+54.598625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #130]Channel switches to new LB policy "pick_first"  (t=+54.607708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel created  (t=+54.615333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #130]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+54.619917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #130]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+54.626458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+54.634125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56381" to connect  (t=+54.639375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #127]Channel exiting idle mode  (t=+54.655083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+55.19825ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #130]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+55.204083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:284 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000930360] For Listener resource "my-service-fallback" and RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback", generated service config: {
              "loadBalancingConfig": [
                {
                  "xds_cluster_manager_experimental": {
                    "children": {
                      "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {
                        "childPolicy": [
                          {
                            "cds_experimental": {
                              "cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }  (t=+55.487208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:200 [core] [Channel #127]Resolver state updated: {
              "Addresses": null,
              "Endpoints": [],
              "ServiceConfig": {
                "Config": {
                  "Config": null,
                  "Methods": {}
                },
                "Err": null
              },
              "Attributes": {
                "\u003c%!p(resolver.csKeyType=grpc.internal.resolver.configSelector)\u003e": "\u003c0x1400093ea50\u003e",
                "\u003c%!p(xdsclient.clientKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.client.Client)\u003e": "\u003c0x14000547c20\u003e"
              }
            } (service config updated)  (t=+55.515875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:109 [core] [Channel #127]Channel switches to new LB policy "xds_cluster_manager_experimental"  (t=+55.523333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:59 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Created  (t=+55.530583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Adding child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+55.535458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Creating child policy of type "cds_experimental" for child "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback"  (t=+55.539458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:109 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] Created  (t=+55.54625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:121 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] xDS credentials in use: false  (t=+55.577625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:290 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] Received balancer config update: {
              "LoadBalancingConfig": null,
              "Cluster": "cluster-my-service-fallback"
            }  (t=+55.583875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000b05480,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+55.595667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #127]Channel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+55.60025ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:414 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] Received Cluster resource: {
              "ClusterType": 0,
              "ClusterName": "cluster-my-service-fallback",
              "EDSServiceName": "endpoints-my-service-fallback",
              "LRSServerConfig": null,
              "SecurityCfg": null,
              "MaxRequests": null,
              "DNSHostName": "",
              "PrioritizedClusterNames": null,
              "LBPolicy": [
                {
                  "xds_wrr_locality_experimental": {
                    "childPolicy": [
                      {
                        "round_robin": {}
                      }
                    ]
                  }
                }
              ],
              "OutlierDetection": null,
              "Raw": {
                "type_url": "type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster",
                "value": "ChtjbHVzdGVyLW15LXNlcnZpY2UtZmFsbGJhY2saIwoCGgASHWVuZHBvaW50cy1teS1zZXJ2aWNlLWZhbGxiYWNrEAM="
              },
              "TelemetryLabels": {
                "csm.service_name": "unknown",
                "csm.service_namespace_name": "unknown"
              }
            }  (t=+55.689583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:85 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000a55340] Created  (t=+55.696ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:455 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] Created child policy 0x14000a55340 of type cluster_resolver_experimental  (t=+55.700125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:76 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Created  (t=+55.808583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062100}  (t=+55.863792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000062100}  (t=+55.867708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000062100,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+55.871833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Adding child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+55.878583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Creating child policy of type "outlier_detection_experimental" for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+55.882917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:74 [xds] [outlier-detection-lb 0x14000b09d40] Created  (t=+55.887625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:76 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x1400092e300] Created  (t=+55.89325ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO weightedtarget.go:66 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Created  (t=+55.904792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer.go:88 [xds] [wrrlocality-lb 0x14000b81380] Created  (t=+55.915333ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:299 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Adding child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+55.926625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:102 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Creating child policy of type "round_robin" for child "{\"region\":\"region-1\",\"zone\":\"zone-1\",\"subZone\":\"subzone-1\"}"  (t=+55.93175ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:839 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel created  (t=+55.941208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[]}  (t=+55.951833ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140000634b0}  (t=+55.956875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140000634b0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+55.962667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel Connectivity change to CONNECTING  (t=+55.97075ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1320 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel picks a new address "127.0.0.1:56384" to connect  (t=+55.978042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000037260}  (t=+55.992208ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000037260}  (t=+56.002375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140000634b0}  (t=+56.0075ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x140000634b0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+56.013958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x14000037260}  (t=+56.020167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x14000037260,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+56.027167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140000372c0}  (t=+56.032625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140000372c0}  (t=+56.038708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:CONNECTING Picker:0x140000372c0}  (t=+56.042875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x140000372c0,state:CONNECTING,stateToAggregate:CONNECTING]  (t=+56.046792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+56.705042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO roundrobin.go:50 [roundrobin] roundrobinPicker: Build called with info: {map[0x14000b0b820:{{Addr: "127.0.0.1:56384", ServerName: "", BalancerAttributes: {"<%!p(wrrlocality.attributeKey={})>": "Locality Weight: 1" , "<%!p(hierarchy.pathKeyType=grpc.internal.address.hierarchical_path)>": "<0x14000b0b110>" , "<%!p(weightedroundrobin.attributeKey={})>": "Weight: 1" , "<%!p(internal.localityKeyType=grpc.xds.internal.address.locality)>": "<%!p(internal.LocalityID={region-1 zone-1 subzone-1})>" }}}]}  (t=+56.766958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Balancer state update from child {"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x14000848720}  (t=+56.7775ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO aggregator.go:252 [xds] [weighted-target-lb 0x14000b0b580] Child pickers with config: map[{"region":"region-1","zone":"zone-1","subZone":"subzone-1"}:weight:1,picker:0x14000848720,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+56.786917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Balancer state update from child priority-0-0, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x1400000cd38}  (t=+56.795583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:538 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Balancer state update from child cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback, new state: {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x1400000cd38}  (t=+56.8035ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:147 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] State update from sub-balancer "cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback": {ConnectivityState:READY Picker:0x1400000cd38}  (t=+56.809083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancerstateaggregator.go:191 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Child pickers: map[cluster:cluster-my-service-fallback:picker:0x1400000cd38,state:READY,stateToAggregate:READY]  (t=+56.816125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #127]Channel Connectivity change to READY  (t=+56.82375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #127]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.082667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #127]Closing the name resolver  (t=+57.102667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #127]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+57.191542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:56 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000930360] Canceling watch on Listener resource "my-service-fallback"  (t=+57.205375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterimpl.go:350 [xds] [xds-cluster-impl-lb 0x1400092e300] Shutdown  (t=+57.217417ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancergroup.go:369 [xds] [priority-lb 0x140002856c0] Removing child policy for child "priority-0-0"  (t=+57.227292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clusterresolver.go:337 [xds] [xds-cluster-resolver-lb 0x14000a55340] Shutdown  (t=+57.232542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO cdsbalancer.go:380 [xds] [cds-lb 0x140005c7380] Shutdown  (t=+57.237375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clustermanager.go:197 [xds] [xds-cluster-manager-lb 0x14000b0ab60] Shutdown  (t=+57.241542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO watch_service.go:91 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000930360] Canceling watch on RouteConfiguration resource "route-my-service-fallback"  (t=+57.249708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129080] [xds-channel 0x140004200c0] [ads-stream 0x140007e0600] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+57.271458ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129080] [xds-channel 0x140004200c0] [ads-stream 0x140007e0600] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+57.279292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #130]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.286917ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #130]Closing the name resolver  (t=+57.291083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #130]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+57.295958ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.309667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #130 SubChannel #131]Subchannel deleted  (t=+57.314583ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #130]Channel deleted  (t=+57.341708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129080] [xds-channel 0x140004200c0] Shutdown  (t=+57.346083ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000129080] Shutdown  (t=+57.351292ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO xds_resolver.go:253 [xds] [xds-resolver 0x14000930360] Shutdown  (t=+57.355875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.365542ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #127 SubChannel #134]Subchannel deleted  (t=+57.369708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #127]Channel deleted  (t=+57.386667ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #122 ListenSocket #125]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+57.418375ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #122 ListenSocket #126]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+57.4355ms)
        tlogger.go:116: WARNING ads_stream.go:514 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128980] [xds-channel 0x14000a9fc20] [ads-stream 0x140005aa800] ADS stream closed: rpc error: code = Canceled desc = context canceled  (t=+57.450125ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO ads_stream.go:178 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128980] [xds-channel 0x14000a9fc20] [ads-stream 0x140005aa800] Stopping ADS stream  (t=+57.454625ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:545 [core] [Channel #123]Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.461042ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO resolver_wrapper.go:100 [core] [Channel #123]Closing the name resolver  (t=+57.464792ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO balancer_wrapper.go:147 [core] [Channel #123]ccBalancerWrapper: closing  (t=+57.468875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1200 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN  (t=+57.479167ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:1528 [core] [Channel #123 SubChannel #124]Subchannel deleted  (t=+57.48325ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientconn.go:315 [core] [Channel #123]Channel deleted  (t=+57.503708ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO channel.go:145 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128980] [xds-channel 0x14000a9fc20] Shutdown  (t=+57.507875ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO clientimpl.go:206 [xds] [xds-client 0x14000128980] Shutdown  (t=+57.514ms)
        tlogger.go:116: INFO server.go:817 [core] [Server #120 ListenSocket #121]ListenSocket deleted  (t=+57.529542ms)
FAIL
FAIL	google.golang.org/grpc/test/xds	0.561s
FAIL
